README.md, before:

# StackBlitz Angular Starter Template

This is an Angular project to fork from when starting new projects on StackBlitz. It is setup with dependencies for common applications like forms and components. Managing it on GitHub makes it easier to upgrade Angular.

## Usage

1. On StackBlitz, create a new Angular project.
2. Name the project "Angular Starter" to be able to search for it.
2. Click "Connect repository".
3. Click "import an existing repository".
4. Provide "https://github.com/TrevorKarjanis/stackblitz-angular-starter-template" and click "Import".
5. Freeze the project.
6. Fork the project when creating a new Angular project on StackBlitz.

## Prerequisites

Run `npm install`.

## Development

Run `npm start`.

## Testing

Run `npm test`.

## Further Help

Always check `package.json` for the available scripts and their correct usage.

### Configuration

The [build](https://angular.io/cli/build), [serve](https://angular.io/cli/serve), and [test](https://angular.io/cli/test) configurations are located and can be modified in angular.json. See the [Angular CLI documentation](https://angular.io/cli) for the available options.

Commit message:

Reduce the number of boiler plate files.

README.md, after:

# StackBlitz Angular Starter Template

This is an Angular project to fork from when starting new projects on StackBlitz. It is setup with dependencies for common applications like forms and components and has reduced the number of generated files. Managing it on GitHub makes it easier to upgrade Angular.

## Usage

1. On StackBlitz, create a new Angular project.
2. Name the project "Angular Starter" to be able to search for it.
2. Click "Connect repository".
3. Click "import an existing repository".
4. Provide "https://github.com/TrevorKarjanis/stackblitz-angular-starter-template" and click "Import".
5. Freeze the project.
6. Fork the project when creating a new Angular project on StackBlitz.

## Prerequisites

Run `npm install`.

## Development

Run `npm start`.

## Testing

Run `npm test`.

## Further Help

Always check `package.json` for the available scripts and their correct usage.

### Configuration

The [build](https://angular.io/cli/build), [serve](https://angular.io/cli/serve), and [test](https://angular.io/cli/test) configurations are located and can be modified in angular.json. See the [Angular CLI documentation](https://angular.io/cli) for the available options.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Trevor Karjanis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
